make iam_role_arn more explanatory (#8270)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/backup_selection.html.markdown

* `name` - (Required) The display name of a resource selection document.
* `plan_id` - (Required) The backup plan ID to be associated with the selection of resources.

> * `iam_role_arn` - (Required) The ARN of the IAM role that AWS Backup uses to authenticate when restoring and backing up the target resource. This role needs to have `AWSBackupServiceRolePolicyForBackup` & `AWSBackupServiceRolePolicyForRestores` policies attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `iam_role_arn` - (Required) The ARN of the IAM role that AWS Backup uses to authenticate when restoring and backing up the target resource. See the [AWS Backup Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/access-control.html#managed-policies) for additional information about using AWS managed policies or creating custom policies attached to the IAM role.
```

Author: Yup, agreed!
